== Get Started == 

=== Welcome ===

Warm fuzzy feeling. About JellyBOX. About this build guide. About you.

If you're building from scratch, we highly recommend you go with the flow in the suggested order. We spent countless hours testing and revising the build flow to balance ease of build with efficiency and just-in-time advice. 

A welcome video: 
[video| https://youtu.be/NpEaa2P7qZI| size=large]

=== Unboxing the Easy Kit ===

What's in the box. Seriously; what's in the box? 
http://imade3d.dozuki.com/Guide/EasyKit-Unboxing/153

=== Jellybox Anatomy & Glossary ===

Nine out of ten doctors believe it's to know what you're building and how we call all these unknown mysterious parts.
 
A JB Anatomy video: 
[video| https://youtu.be/NpEaa2P7qZI| size=large]

Link to BOM and exlanation of terms. 

=== Workspace Setup === 

An organized workspace will 
* make the build more enjoyable. You can focus on the build instead of searching for tools 60% of the time
* make it all go faster
* reduce the potential for breaking things and making mistakes

''(True story: we have had a maker burn his control electronics because a stray screwdriver shorted the contact on the back of the board. A high price for mess on the table.)''

http://imade3d.dozuki.com/Guide/Workspace+Setup/155

=== Peel the Acrylic ===

We present an efficient way to peel the protective film of off the acrylic parts.

http://imade3d.dozuki.com/Guide/Peel+the+Acrylic/156

=== Tools of the Trade ===
Tips and tricks on how to use the tools that came with your JellyBOX. 

You should always use the righ tool for the job. Tips and tricks on how to use the tools that came with your JellyBOX. 

Zip ties. 
How to use the tools and such. 
Zip tie gun. Vise-grip. 


== Pre-Assemble the Y Axis ==

The first bigger piece of the puzzle. 

[guidelist|tag=y-bracket]

=== Y Motor Bracket ===

Install Y Pulley
Install Y Motor
  
=== Y Assembly ===

Build Platform
Attach the Y Belt 


== Pre-Assemble the X Axis ==

The secong bigger piece of the puzzle. 

== X Assembly == 
  X Motor 
  X Belt
  Left Fan
  Z-Probe
  Z-Probe and Right Fan
  Wire Harness


== Build the Basic Frame ==

We'll only build a part of the JellyBOX frame (bottom, inner back, left, right), so that we have better access to the innards as we'll add additional components, and all the electronics.

In fact, we'll get the JellyBOX all the way to printing before we close it up completely. (You didn't expect that, did you?)

== The Power and The Brains ==

We'll safely hook up the control unit (RAMPS) and the controller, and verify everything is alive and kicking.

JellyBox Electronics run down / overview
Wiring 01: zip ties + wire comb
race
Wiring 02: Arduino, RAMPS
heatsinks
Multimeter Practice  
Wiring 03: Power Supply
Wiring 05: Add USB Extension


== Adjoin the Y and Z Axes ==

Time to incorporate the Y Assemly!

We'll also install and wire up the Z Axis because the Y and Z wires run along in many places. Efficiency shall be our nickname.

#join #electro Y+Z Motors + Y EndStop
#prep Y idler
#join Y assembly to Box


== Adjoin the X Axis ==

Time to incorporate the X Assemly!

This obviously includes connecting the many wires in the X wire harness to the RAMPS board.

=== join X assembly to Box ===
 + Attach the harness with 5' zip ties

=== Wire up X Assembly Harness ===


== Checkpoint: It's Moving! == 

Mechanical checkpoint before we constraint the X and Z axes together.


== Hook Up the Z Axis ==

Time to fully incorporate the Z axis!


== Brace ==

self explanatory


== Front ==

controller
adjoin the front


== Checkpoint: It's Alive! == 

Let's test all the major components before closing closing the JellyBOX up. In case there is any problem, it will be easier to fix now than later.

Home X, Y, Z. 
Z led light. 
Verify the hotend fan. 
Heat up the hotend. 
Extrude some filament. 
Test the filament fan. 


== Finish the Frame ==

The printer is ready to print, but to secure the geometry, protect the electronics, and get some nice built-in filament spool rollers, let's put the BOX into the JellyBOX.

=== Back ===

little discs/ not? 
adjoin the back

=== Top ===

adjoin the top
don't forget the wires