[flag|private]

== THE FLOW OF THE EASY BUILD ==

== Get Started ==

=== Welcome ===

=== Jellybox Anatomy & Glossary ===

=== Workspace Setup ===

=== Peel the Acrylic ===

=== Tools of the Trade ===

== Pre-Assemble the Y Axis ==

The first bigger piece of the puzzle.

=== Y Motor Bracket ===

https://imade3d.dozuki.com/Guide/Y+Motor+Bracket/145

=== Y Assembly ===

https://imade3d.dozuki.com/Guide/Y+Assembly/160

== Pre-Assemble the X Axis ==

The secong bigger piece of the puzzle.

=== X Assembly ===

https://imade3d.dozuki.com/Guide/X+Assembly/147

== Build the Basic Frame ==

We'll only build a part of the JellyBOX frame (bottom, inner back, left, right), so that we have better access to the innards as we'll add additional components, and all the electronics.

In fact, we'll get the JellyBOX all the way to printing before we close it up completely. (You didn't expect that, did you?)

https://imade3d.dozuki.com/Guide/Basic+Frame/171

== The Power and The Brains ==

We'll safely hook up the control unit (RAMPS) and the controller, and verify everything is alive and kicking.

https://imade3d.dozuki.com/Guide/Electronics/180#s689

== Install the Y and Z Axes ==

Time to incorporate the Y Assemly!

We'll also install and wire up the Z Axis because the Y and Z wires run along in many places. Efficiency shall be our nickname.

=== Install Y Assembly ===

https://imade3d.dozuki.com/Guide/Install+the+Y+Assembly/184

=== YYZ - Y+Z Motors + Y EndStop ===

https://imade3d.dozuki.com/Guide/YYZ+-+Y-Z+Motors+%2B+Y+EndStop/179

== Install the X Assembly ==

Time to incorporate the X Assemly!

https://imade3d.dozuki.com/Guide/Install+the+X+Assembly/189

== Hook Up the Z Axis ==

https://imade3d.dozuki.com/Guide/Install+the+ZX+Coupler/193

== Brace ==

https://imade3d.dozuki.com/Guide/Install+the+Brace/196

== Front ==

https://imade3d.dozuki.com/Guide/Install+the+Front/198

== Checkpoint: It's Alive! ==

Let's test all the major components before closing closing the JellyBOX up. In case there is any problem, it will be easier to fix now than later.

Home X, Y, Z.

Z led light.

Verify the hotend fan.

Heat up the hotend.

Extrude some filament.

Test the filament fan.

== Finish the Frame ==

The printer is ready to print, but to secure the geometry, protect the electronics, and get some nice built-in filament spool rollers, let's put the BOX into the JellyBOX.

=== Back ===

https://imade3d.dozuki.com/Guide/Install+the+Back/199

=== Top ===

https://imade3d.dozuki.com/Guide/Install+the+Top/202

== Final Touches ==

Let's zip tie it all together for ultimate strength. 

https://imade3d.dozuki.com/Guide/Fininal+Touches/205